feat: update to inform about how to validate data (#17)
MetabolicAtlas/data-files: DATA_OVERLAY.md

When incorporating new data sources, it should be done via a pull request in the [data-files repo](https://github.com/MetabolicAtlas/data-files). The above rules and conventions about data format as well as folder structure should be followed.

> To validate the data to be added, please try to load it as custom expression data at the [data overlay functionality](localhost/explore/Human-GEM/map-viewer/golgi_apparatus?dim=2d&panel=1) of Metabolic Atlas. If no errors are reported, the data is formatted correctly.

Reviewer: The `localhost` link would only work for devs, maybe it's easier if we generalize:

```suggestion
To validate the data to be added, please try to load it as custom expression data at the [data overlay functionality](https://metabolicatlas.org/explore/Human-GEM/map-viewer/golgi_apparatus?dim=2d&panel=1) of Metabolic Atlas. If no errors are reported, the data is formatted correctly.
```

Author: Haha wow, thanks for noticing that
